Chapter six is operational (#25)
EDUCE-UBC/MICB425: treesapp_assign_and_update.Rmd

  --output AmoA_assign/
```

We will visualize these with our annotations as a sort of sanity check.

Creating your own annotations involves scouring the literature to identify the phenotypes associated with each organism or taxon. For example, you would need to determine what paralogs or substrates are used by each organism in the reference package. Often though, these phenotypes are conserved across larger taxonomic groups, such as whole genera, families, orders, etc. Seeing as a literature review can't be accomplished within the time span of this tutorial, you can use the annotations already created for the XmoA reference package.

```{bash eval = FALSE}
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hallamlab/RefPkgs/master/Nitrogen_metabolism/Nitrification/XmoA/XmoA_taxonomy-phenotype_map.tsv
```

> You can view the contents of this file with the Unix command `cat`:
> ```{bash eval = FALSE}
> cat XmoA_taxonomy-phenotype_map.tsv
> d__Archaea	AmoA_AOA
> Methylococcaceae	EmoA
> g__Haliea	EmoA
> f__Nitrosomonadaceae	AmoA_AOB
> o__Chromatiales	AmoA_AOB
> g__Methylobacter	PmoA
> g__Methylacidiphilum	PmoA
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You can view the contents of this file with the Unix command `less`:

```{bash eval = FALSE}
less XmoA_taxonomy-phenotype_map.tsv
```

```
d__Archaea	AmoA_AOA
Methylococcaceae	EmoA
g__Haliea	EmoA
f__Nitrosomonadaceae	AmoA_AOB
o__Chromatiales	AmoA_AOB
g__Methylobacter	PmoA
g__Methylacidiphilum	PmoA
```

````
